OK so we are starting the redux section of the course and it's going to be challenging for sure.
So what is redux.
If we could check the read documentation they say redux is a predictable state container for javascript.
Well you know that's fine.
It's nice but not very clear.
So let me just show you a chart.
Just a simple chart.
OK.
So right here we're going to have a kind of a container with redox data and you can have just a list
of movies.
OK something real simple.
And this is just like an object.
OK.
So we can have this section.
Now whenever the application starts it's going to fetch in the list of movies from whatever you have
the information it's going to make an at work request and bring a list of movies.
Then redox is going to send the information to to react and it's going to say OK this list of movies
component is going to grab this list of movies and then react.
It's going to grab that information that data will do its job and just render a screen with a list of
movies.
Now if I click on one of this movies begin to kind of do the same process again.
It's going to go back it's going fetch the information is going to store it inside the redox data data
of the movie we selected then redux is going to pass it again to react and is going to know that whenever
we have this data we need to show the movie component is child component and that in that that part
react with this component is just going to go do its job again and show the information.
Ok am atomistic was second.
There you go.
He's going to go and render the bew or the component where we just have this information.
So again redux.
It's kind of a state management Laverty and that's why they say that redux is a state manager and a
library.
And if you think about it this Rydex data is kind of a this state of reacted just just just the state
of re-act just adjacent with a lot of information and this Jason it's being consumed by react and then
react does something with that data.
And yeah if you think about it again it's just like a big object where we store data inside and there's
data always we will advise re-act how to behave.
That's the main point of this.
So let's let's go to the next section we're going to start with a clean project.
OK so if you want just do the Create re-act project them sort of the create with the reactive like just
like we did before.